this story is about the love of dexter
and emma who have a crush on each other
from the beginning but keep missing
so many opportunities to be together the
film follows dexter and emma on the 15th
of july
saint sweithen's day every year for over
18 years
on july 15 1988 they spend their first
night together
after their graduation from the
university of edinburgh
but promised to just be friends and stay
in touch
on the same day one year later dexter
helps emma move to london to pursue her
dream to become a writer
things didn't come up as she wished and
she ends up being a waitress in a
mexican restaurant where she meets ian
an aspiring comedian meanwhile dexter
comes to paris for a teaching career
still keeping in touch with emma he
suggests they take a holiday
when he visits her on july 15 1991.
they traveled to france in 1992 where
emma reveals that she had a crush on him
even before the night they were together
but there still isn't any progress on
their relationship
despite their mutual attraction by 1993
dexter becomes a famous television
presenter with a strange raucous voice
and has a life full of parties and drugs
in 1994
dexter's mother is diagnosed with
terminal cancer
he comes to visit her still under the
influence of a heavy partying night
his father is irritated and his mother
is not happy with his wild lifestyle
she tells him that he is not yet a nice
person
and he is so upset and calls emma for a
talk but that night emma is having a
date with ian
at the restaurant she realizes that ian
is not a funny person
despite being a comedian but still
getting in a relationship with him
by 1995 emma is a schoolteacher and
lives with ian but
is getting increasingly disappointed in
him dexter's show makes him the most
annoying man on telly
meeting each other again in 1996 for a
dinner after three years of not seeing
each other
dexter gets high on cocaine flirts with
another woman
and insults emma she storms off and
deciding that they have outgrown each
other tells him that although she loves
him she no longer likes him
and that they shouldn't see each other
anymore two years later
dexter loses his career as a television
presenter and he is now 32 years old and
no longer suitable with this environment
meanwhile emma has split up with ian and
he confronts her over their breakup and
his jealousy of dexter
after reading her diary before leaving
he gives her compliments on the stories
in her diary
and urges her to have them published on
july 15th of the year 2000
emma and dexter meet again in a wedding
of their mutual friends
dexter receives a job offer from callum
an old roommate who has since become a
millionaire
at this time emma has received a book
deal dexter is about to get married with
sylvie
and reveals that he will soon be a
father but they rekindle their
relationship
in 2001 dexter works in callum's
restaurant
and he doesn't earn much money but is a
devoted father to his daughter jasmine
he doesn't notice that his wife is
having an affair with callum
emma's book is now published at two
years past
dexter now divorced visits emma
now a successful writer living in paris
and hopes that they could be together
after a drunken night with emma
following his divorce
he's disappointed when he knows that
emma has a new boyfriend
and departs emma has second thoughts and
she chases after dexter
they share a passionate kiss and finally
begin a relationship together
they are happy together even then and
get married in 2004.
dexter opens a cafe in england and
shares custody of jasmine
the two try to have a baby but haven't
succeeded
on july 15th of 2006 emma is hit by a
truck while riding her bicycle
and dies inconsolable dexter returns to
his self-destructive habits
over the years he's comforted by sylvie
jasmine
his widowed father and even ian now
happily married with children
who visits dexter and tells him that
emma lit up around him
assuring dexter that she made you decent
and you made her so happy on july 15th
of 2011
dexter visits arthur's seat in scotland
with jasmine
the film flashes back to 1988 after
their night together
and dexter declines emma's invitation to
spend the day with her
but changes his mind they climb arthur's
seat and at the top
dexter suggests that instead of being
casual friends
they finish what they started the
previous night they raced back to the
flat but encountered dexter's parents on
the street
emma leaves and dexter tries to tell his
parents that she's just a friend
but chases after her to ask for her
number they kiss passionately
and promise to see each other again
[Music]
you